annualReportPeriodId#12
callMe#void
$attrs#null
$createElement#CreateElement
$data#null
$forceUpdate#void
$parent#Vue
$watch#() => void
false#null
async#null
await#null
addEventListener#void
alert#void
atob#string
btoa#string
caches#CacheStorage
cancelAnimationFrame#void
cancelIdleCallback#void
captureEvents#void
clearInterval#void
clearTimeout#void
clientInformation#Navigator
createImageBitmap#Promise<ImageBitmap>
crossOriginIsolated#boolean
devicePixelRatio#number
dispatchEvent#boolean
escape#string
eval#any
external#External
frameElement#Element
frames#Window
isNaN#boolean
localStorage#Storage
location#Location
locationbar#BarProp
matchMedia#MediaQueryList
menubar#BarProp
name#void
navigator#Navigator
onabort#(this:Window, ev: UIEvent) => any
onafterprint#(this:Window, ev: Event) => any
onanimationcancel#(this:Window, ev: AnimationEvent) => any
onanimationend#(this:Window, ev: AnimationEvent) => any
onanimationiteration#(this:Window, ev: AnimationEvent) => any
onanimationstart#(this:Window, ev: AnimationEvent) => any
onauxclick#(this:Window, ev: MouseEvent) => any
onbeforeunload#(this:Window, ev: BeforeUnloadEvent) => any
oncanplay#(this:Window, ev: Event) => any
oncanplaythrough#(this:Window, ev: Event) => any
onchange#(this:Window, ev: Event) => any
oncuechange#(this:Window, ev: Event) => any
ondeviceorientation#(this:Window, ev: DeviceOrientationEvent) => any
ondrag#(this:Window, ev: DragEvent) => any
ondragend#(this:Window, ev: DragEvent) => any
ondragenter#(this:Window, ev: DragEvent) => any
ondragleave#(this:Window, ev: DragEvent) => any
ondragover#(this:Window, ev: DragEvent) => any
ondragstart#(this:Window, ev: DragEvent) => any
ondurationchange#(this:Window, ev: Event) => any
onformdata#(this:Window, ev: FormDataEvent) => any
ongamepadconnected#(this:Window, ev: GamepadEvent) => any
ongamepaddisconnected#(this:Window, ev: GamepadEvent) => any
ongotpointercapture#(this:Window, ev: PointerEvent) => any
onhashchange#(this:Window, ev: HashChangeEvent) => any
oninvalid#(this:Window, ev: Event) => any
onlanguagechange#(this:Window, ev: Event) => any
onload#(this:Window, ev: Event) => any
onloadeddata#(this:Window, ev: Event) => any
onloadedmetadata#(this:Window, ev: Event) => any
onloadstart#(this:Window, ev: Event) => any
onlostpointercapture#(this:Window, ev: PointerEvent) => any
onmessage#(this:Window, ev: MessageEvent) => any
onmessageerror#(this:Window, ev: MessageEvent) => any
onmouseleave#(this:Window, ev: MouseEvent) => any
onorientationchange#(this:Window, ev: Event) => any
onpagehide#(this:Window, ev: PageTransitionEvent) => any
onpageshow#(this:Window, ev: PageTransitionEvent) => any
onpause#(this:Window, ev: Event) => any
onplay#(this:Window, ev: Event) => any
onplaying#(this:Window, ev: Event) => any
onpointercancel#(this:Window, ev: PointerEvent) => any
onpointerleave#(this:Window, ev: PointerEvent) => any
onpopstate#(this:Window, ev: PopStateEvent) => any
onratechange#(this:Window, ev: Event) => any
onrejectionhandled#(this:Window, ev: PromiseRejectionEvent) => any
onsecuritypolicyviolation#(this:Window, ev: SecurityPolicyViolationEvent) => any
onselectionchange#(this:Window, ev: Event) => any
onselectstart#(this:Window, ev: Event) => any
onslotchange#(this:Window, ev: Event) => any
onstalled#(this:Window, ev: Event) => any
onstorage#(this:Window, ev: StorageEvent) => any
ontimeupdate#(this:Window, ev: Event) => any
ontouchcancel#(this:Window, ev: TouchEvent) => any
ontouchstart#(this:Window, ev: TouchEvent) => any
ontransitioncancel#(this:Window, ev: TransitionEvent) => any
ontransitionend#(this:Window, ev: TransitionEvent) => any
ontransitionrun#(this:Window, ev: TransitionEvent) => any
ontransitionstart#(this:Window, ev: TransitionEvent) => any
onunhandledrejection#(this:Window, ev: PromiseRejectionEvent) => any
onunload#(this:Window, ev: Event) => any
onvolumechange#(this:Window, ev: Event) => any
onwaiting#(this:Window, ev: Event) => any
onwebkitanimationend#(this:Window, ev: Event) => any
onwebkitanimationiteration#(this:Window, ev: Event) => any
onwebkitanimationstart#(this:Window, ev: Event) => any
onwebkittransitionend#(this:Window, ev: Event) => any
orientation#number
pageXOffset#number
pageYOffset#number
parent#Window
parseFloat#number
parseInt#number
performance#Performance
personalbar#BarProp
postMessage#void
queueMicrotask#void
releaseEvents#void
requestAnimationFrame#number
requestIdleCallback#number
scrollbars#BarProp
sessionStorage#Storage
setInterval#number
status#string
statusbar#BarProp
toolbar#BarProp
unescape#string
visualViewport#VisualViewport
apply#any
compileStreaming#Promise<Module>
escape#string
has#boolean
instantiate#Promise<Instance>
instantiateStreaming#Promise<WebAssemblyInstantiatedSource>
validate#boolean
